README.md, before:

## Neovim with lsp, linting, formatting and debugging

### Installation instructions

install nvim 0.9+
```sh
snap install nvim --classic
```
install nvchad
```sh
git clone https://github.com/NvChad/NvChad ~/.config/nvim --depth 1
```
enable icons to be displayed on neovim
```sh
curl -LO https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/releases/download/v3.0.2/JetBrainsMono.zip
unzip -d jet-brains-mono-nerd-font JetBrainsMono.zip
mv jet-brains-mono-nerd-font ~/.local/share/fonts/
fc-cache -f -v
```
inside any typescript project install node types to allow lsp to read built-in types
```sh
npm install --save-dev @types/node
```

### Page list

nvim package manager: lazy
os package manager: mason
nvim language server: neovim/nvim-lspconfig
nvim lint: mfussenegger/nvim-lint
nvim formatter: mhartington/formatter.nvim
nvim debugger: mfussenegger/nvim-dap
nvim debugger ui: rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui

### Post Installation Instructions

to get lsp working on redhat linux
```sh
npm install -g typescript-language-server typescript
```

[run inside nvim] to fix treesitter unable to access /usr/share/nvim/runtime/lua/
```sh
TSInstall comment
TSInstall all
```

to enable live grep (find in file)
```sh
sudo yum install ripgrep
```

startup dap server for javascript debugging in neovim
```sh
echo 'alias dap="~/.local/share/nvim/mason/packages/js-debug-adapter/js-debug-adapter 8123 127.0.0.1"' >> ~/.bashrc
```

to get clipboard
```sh
yum install xclip
```

### Links

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVCBHHFXWNE
https://mason-registry.dev/registry/list

Commit message:

add font install instructions for mac

README.md, after:

## Neovim with lsp, linting, formatting and debugging

### Installation instructions

install nvim 0.9+
```sh
snap install nvim --classic
```
install nvchad
```sh
git clone https://github.com/NvChad/NvChad ~/.config/nvim --depth 1
```
enable icons to be displayed on neovim
```sh
curl -LO https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/releases/download/v3.0.2/JetBrainsMono.zip
unzip -d jet-brains-mono-nerd-font JetBrainsMono.zip
mv jet-brains-mono-nerd-font ~/.local/share/fonts/
# for macos copy *.ttf to ~/Library/Fonts
# then open Font Book to verify
fc-cache -f -v
```
inside any typescript project install node types to allow lsp to read built-in types
```sh
npm install --save-dev @types/node
```

### Page list

nvim package manager: lazy
os package manager: mason
nvim language server: neovim/nvim-lspconfig
nvim lint: mfussenegger/nvim-lint
nvim formatter: mhartington/formatter.nvim
nvim debugger: mfussenegger/nvim-dap
nvim debugger ui: rcarriga/nvim-dap-ui

### Post Installation Instructions

to get lsp working on redhat linux
```sh
npm install -g typescript-language-server typescript
```

[run inside nvim] to fix treesitter unable to access /usr/share/nvim/runtime/lua/
```sh
TSInstall comment
TSInstall all
```

to enable live grep (find in file)
```sh
sudo yum install ripgrep
```

startup dap server for javascript debugging in neovim
```sh
echo 'alias dap="~/.local/share/nvim/mason/packages/js-debug-adapter/js-debug-adapter 8123 127.0.0.1"' >> ~/.bashrc
```

to get clipboard
```sh
yum install xclip
```

### Links

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVCBHHFXWNE
https://mason-registry.dev/registry/list
